Improved the Upgrade to 0.23 doc on multiple fronts (#323)
astronomer/docs: enterprise/v0.23/06_manage-astronomer/06_upgrade-to-0-23.md

This guide walks through the process of upgrading your Astronomer Enterprise platform from 0.16.x to [v0.23](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/0.23/resources/release-notes), which is the latest available LTS release.

A few important notes before you start:

- You must be on Astronomer Enterprise v0.16.x in order to upgrade to Astronomer 0.23+. If you are running a version of Astronomer that's lower than v0.16, submit a request to [Astronomer Support](https://support.astronomer.io) and our team will help you define an alternate upgrade path.
- The guidelines below only apply to users who are upgrading to the Astronomer v0.23 series for the first time. Once you've completed the upgrade to any v0.23 version, you'll be free to upgrade to subsequent v0.23.x patch versions as they are released by our team. For instructions, read [Upgrade to a Patch Version](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/v0.23/manage-astronomer/upgrade-astronomer-patch).

> - If you use Azure AD as your auth system for Astronomer, ensure that your Redirect URI is formatted as `https://houston.BASEDOMAIN/v1/oauth/redirect/`. In v0.16 and prior versions, this URI was formatted as `https://houston.BASEDOMAIN/v1/oauth/redirect`. For information on configuring this value, read [Integrate an Auth System](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/v0.23/manage-astronomer/integrate-auth-system#azure-ad).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you use Azure AD as your auth system for Astronomer, ensure that your Redirect URI is formatted as `https://houston.BASEDOMAIN/v1/oauth/redirect/`. In v0.16 and prior versions, this URI was formatted as `https://houston.BASEDOMAIN/v1/oauth/redirect`, without the extra `/`. For information on configuring this value, read [Integrate an Auth System](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/v0.23/manage-astronomer/integrate-auth-system#azure-ad).
```

Reviewer: Adding this only bc it took me ~45 seconds to comb though these to identify the difference in those URLs - can't hurt to point it out?

> - If you altered the default permissions for user roles as described in [Customize Permissions](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/v0.23/manage-astronomer/manage-platform-users#customize-permissions), you need to set both `deployment.serviceAccounts.get` and `workspace.users.get` to `true` in your `config.yaml` file to enable users of this custom role to access Airflow Deployments on Astronomer. To update these values in your system, follow the steps in [Apply a Config Change](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/v0.23/manage-astronomer/apply-platform-config).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you altered the default permissions for user roles as described in [Customize Permissions](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/v0.23/manage-astronomer/manage-platform-users#customize-permissions), you need to set both `deployment.serviceAccounts.get` and `workspace.users.get` to `true` in your `config.yaml` file to make sure that all users of a custom role can continue to access Airflow Deployments via the Astronomer UI. To update these values in your system, follow the steps in [Apply a Config Change](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/v0.23/manage-astronomer/apply-platform-config).
```

Suggested slight change in wording since it's not so much "enabling" as much as it is "so it doesn't break" (since it working is expected). If they don't do this, the Deployment view in the Astro UI just won't load (per the ZD ticket).
